
Act I

Dog comes bounding into village. Recognised as belonging to trader who comes this way occasiionally. No sign of the caravan however, so someone needs to find out where it came from, and what's happened to the caravan.

Scout needs to go in order to find the way.
Rhiannon can go, because she's spare, and no other warriors available.
Bard ordered to go to look after Rhiannon, and make sure nothing happens to her.

Come across blind old man on the road with a pigion. He is resting by a tree, and obviously hasn't seen anything. Is a spy for the outlaws.

The caravan is found, overtunred at the side of the road, with tracks leading north.

Follow tracks north, come to encampment. Half dozen or so outlaws here. Oneof the traders is still alive, but tied to a stake and in a really bad way. Cave nearby. Pile of goods which have been nicked.

Assume beat everyone up. Should get ample opportunity to split people up and wittle them down to a manageable number. Inside the cave is a troll. Quite touch. Chained by outlaw leader.

Prisoner overheard outlaws talking about trading stuff with a village nearby. Knows the village, but no names other than "Scar", who's a 'she'. Stuff includes some pretty potent poisons. PCs can follow up or report back to thegn. If reporting back, will be told to follow up. Can find out what the herbs are by talking to local witch. It is very bad stuff, very illegal and very unethical.

Act II

Go to village. Nothing very exciting going on, nor anything obvious. There is a blacksmith here. His wife is the lady with a scar. Young, good looking woman, with a very ugly scar down her left leg. Covered by under a dress at all times.

No one has seen any outlaws or bandits around about. The local healer lives out in the woods by himself - because he has a habit of talking very loudly to himself, especially at night, so he sort of got evicted.

He knows who has a scar. Lives in a forest hut. Outside in bushes is the skeleton of someone, whose ghost is still hanging around and can be seen by anyone with second sight. Killed by the healer some years ago due to an argument over some treasure. Ghost knows where it is, but doesn't know what's in the box because he feared to open it because of a curse. Healer knows how to life the curse.

Find out the blacksmith's wife is outlaw's contact - what to do about it. Need some proof. Also need to know why she was after poison. Wants to poison a family in the village. A man because he spurned her, and his wife for marrying him.

Running things...

Arrive in village, everything looks normal and idyllic. Blacksmith hammering at a force, but not much else going one. Famers out in fields.  Some children will run out and crowd around the PCs, trying to find out who they are.

Blacksmith, Eadred the Smith, will be first adult to meet PCs, unless they're doing anything sneaky. He'll be wary, but reasonably friendly. He knows nothing about any outlaws. He'll ask his wife, Gitri, to get food and drinks for everyone if they're hungry.

The then is here, Edgar, a tall handsome man in his thirties. His wife is currently ill, as is their baby son. No-one knows the reason for her illness.

Another village notable is Aelfric, a huntsman and archer, who skulks around in the background giving everyone a very suspicious look. Edhar will want to know everything about the outlaws, but will deny any involvement with them by anyone in his village. A person who might know about goings on in the woods is Baedic, the rambling healer. He claims to have the eyes and ears of all the animals, so knows what is going on.

There is also Edgar's brother, Paeda, who is younger, brash and generally a womaniser. He will hit on Riannon pretty quickly, and won't believe that she's a capable warrior. Situation involving ghost for anyone with second sight when go to see Baedic.

Baedic is old and confused. He knows people have come in at night, but no who. Is not interested in poisons himself. Does not know who would be, but knows Edgar's wife and child is ill with something. Not sure what - they are suffering from fever, which could be a poison, or a bad spell. He detected none though.

Does anyone have a scar? Yes - Gitri does. Down the side of her left leg.

Gitri is a cunning one, and jealous of Edgar since he courted her at one point, before marrying Ethsburh.

Should find out from Baedic and his ghost about the heroes seax hidden in the Ent Wood. Ghost knows its location and Baedic knows how to remove the curse.

